docs: add 15.0.2 entry (#2232)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/news/15.md

# News - 15 series

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
(release-15-0-2)=
## Release 15.0.2 - 2025-02-21
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Fixes

> #### {doc}`/reference/columns/index`: Fixed an {ref}`offline-index-construction` bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### {ref}`offline-index-construction`: Fixed a bug that options may be ignored in parallel build
```

> #### {ref}`offline-index-construction`: Fixed a bug that options may be ignored in parallel build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### {ref}`offline-index-construction`: Fixed a bug that options may be ignored in parallel construction
```

> Groonga may ingnore normalizer/tokenizer/tokenfilter options of target index when offline index construction execute parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groonga may ignore options of normalizers, tokenizer and/or token filters in the target index when offline index construction is executed in parallel.
```

> Groonga may ingnore normalizer/tokenizer/tokenfilter options of target index when offline index construction execute parallel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Groonga may ingnore normalizer/tokenizer/tokenfilter options of target index when offline index construction is executed in parallel.
```

> If happend when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may happen when:
```

> - Execute offline index construction with parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute offline index construction in parallel
```

> - Use Normalizer/Tokenizer/TokenFilter options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue occurs when:
- Offline index construction is executed in parallel.
- Normalizer, Tokenizer, or TokenFilter options are used.
```

> - Use Normalizer/Tokenizer/TokenFilter options

Reviewer: Can we link `Normalizer`/`Tokenizer`/`TokenFilter`?

> However, if we use NormalizerTable, offline index construction occurs error by this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If {ref}:`${NormalizerTable link}` is used and this happens, the offline index construction is failed. Because {ref}:`${NormalizerTable link}` has a required parameter. If options are ignored, the required parameter is missing.
```

> - Normalizer, Tokenizer, or TokenFilter options are used.

Reviewer: これもリンクにしようか。

Author: しょうちです。

Reviewer: and/orにしない？

12行目のやつと揃えようよ。

Author: おぉ。。見落としてました。
そろえます。

Author: そろえました。
